This is a guide to install ruby, install ruby on rails, then run the app.

For simplicity sake, I will put things that need to be typed between curly braces {}.  It is assumed between steps you've let processes run and potentially input configurations.  Unless otherwise specified use default configuration.

The expression "run" implies you type, or copy and paste text then press enter.

1. Search "Terminal" in your spotlight and open it.

2. Install "homebrew" by first copying the following between the curley braces (not the braces themselves) {ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"} pasting it in your terminal and pressing enter.

3.  You might be prompted with a few options (this will very depending on your OS version), choose the default and enter your password when prompted.

4.  Run brew update and when it's finished run brew doctor to ensure you have the most up to date version of homebrew and it's working properly.

5. Run {brew install git} 

6. Run {brew install rbenv ruby-build} 

7. Run {source ~/.bash_profile} and press enter

8. Run {rbenv install 2.2.3} and press enter.

9. Run {rbenv global 2.2.3}

10. Run {gem install rails -v 4.2.4}

11. Run {rbenv rehash}

12. Go to github.com and register an account

13. Run {brew install postgresql}

14. Run {ln -sfv /usr/local/opt/postgresql/*plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents}

15. Run launchctl {load ~/Library/LaunchAgents/homebrew.mxcl.postgresql.plist}

This should have you setup to use Ruby on Rails, from here to run the register app do the following.

1. Open the documents folder (if you don't have one create it inside the folder named after your username)

2. Create a folder inside documents called projects

3. Open your terminal again and run {cd documents/projects}

4. Run {git clone https://github.com/gpressman/cash-register.git}

5. Open a second terminal with apple+N

6. Run {cd documents/projects}

7. Run rails s

8. In your browser visit localhost:3000

To test the functionality of the app.

1. In your terminal run {bundle}

2. Run {rake db:create}

3. Run {rake db:migrate}

4. Run {rake db:seed}

5. Click on "New Item", fill in the fields.  Make sure the product code is exactly 16 characters, and the price does not contain a $. Click on "New item" to send it.

6. Click on "Purchase", copy and paste at least one code into the product codes box.  If you place more than one make sure there are no spaces and they are seperated by a semi colon ";" like so: A12T-GH7Y-QPL9-3NMA;E5T6-9UZ3-TH15-QR88 click on "Total price"  It will add the prices together and apply an 8.75% sales tax.




